Two villains do battle for the heart of one girl in A CURSE FOR TRUE LOVE, the deadly 
               The adult debut of #1 New York Times bestselling author Kerri Maniscalco,            
               Four brothers. Two missions. One explosive read. Jennifer Lynn Barnes returns to the 
               A couple who broke up months ago pretend to still be together for their annual weeklo
                 She's the wife he never wanted...and the weakness he never saw coming.             
              Nash Morgan was always known as the good Morgan brother, with a smile and a wink for e
              Too bad Lina's got secrets of her own, and if Nash finds out the real reason she's in 
              Callahan             
              I'm the Kane brother everyone gossips about behind closed doors.             
              Trust fund brat. Washed-up athlete. High-functioning alcoholic.             
              No one knows the real me but her.             
              Lana Castillo—my childhood best friend and the only woman I ever loved.             
              When I broke her heart six years ago, I promised to never return to Lake Wisteria.    
              I kept my word until my grandfather's will changed everything.             
              To receive my inheritance, I was tasked with spending a summer at the family lake hous
              The request was simple in theory until my entire plan blew up on the very first day.  
              Turns out Lana doesn't just live at the house, but she claims to own it, too.         
              Alana             
              Falling in love with Callahan Kane was a mistake.             
              He told me so before destroying my heart and our friendship six summers ago.          
              When he promised never to come back, I foolishly believed him.             
              But then Cal showed up again, intending to sell his grandfather's lake house.         
              The biggest flaw in his plan?             
              My name is on the deed.             

              "As told by the author herself, this is all for our misunderstood villains. But don't 
              Hallie Welch fell hard for Julian Vos at fourteen, after they                         
              On sabbatical from his ivy league job, Julian plans to write a novel. But having Halli
              "Millions of eyes were suddenly upon us, creating a picture I will never forget."—Paul
              Taken with a 35mm camera by Paul McCartney, these largely unseen photographs capture t
              Handsomely designed,                             1964: Eyes of the Storm              
              "You could hold your camera up to the world, in 1964. But what madness would you captu
               The captivating sequel to the Gothic-infused                               Belladonna
               The stunning, standalone prequel to the                               New York Times 
              Authors June Hayward and Athena Liu were supposed to be twin rising stars: same year a
              So when June witnesses Athena’s death in a freak accident, she acts on impulse: she st
              So what if June edits Athena’s novel and sends it to her agent as her own work? So wha
              But June can’t get away from Athena’s shadow, and emerging evidence threatens to bring
              With its totally immersive first-person voice,                             Yellowface 
                New York Times                              bestselling author TJ Klune invites you 
               A modern masterpiece, this is a classic Gothic thriller-fantasy from                 
              After losing her job and her fiancé in one fell swoop, Natalie Vos returned home to li
              August Cates may own a vineyard, but he doesn’t know jack about making wine. He’s dete
              Now, a quickie marriage could help them both. A sham wedding, a few weeks living under
              *A scorchingly hot modern retelling of Apollo and Cassandra.*             
              As a disgraced member of a fallen house, Cassandra Gataki has seen firsthand what come
              On one condition: when it's all over, and Apollo has the ammunition he needs to protec
              Apollo may be the city's official spymaster, but it's his ability to inspire others th
              "Deliciously inventive…Red-hot."—                             Publishers Weekly       
              "I get shivers just thinking of their interactions. SHIVERS."—Mimi Koehler for        
               The World of Dark Olympus:              
              Neon Gods (Hades & Persephone)             
              Electric Idol (Eros & Psyche)             
              Wicked Beauty (Achilles & Patroclus & Helen)             
              Radiant Sin (Apollo & Cassandra)             
               The heart is a battlefield.              
              All Talasyn has ever known is the Hurricane Wars. Growing up an orphan in a nation und
              Prince Alaric, the emperor’s only son and heir, has been forged into a weapon by his f
              Talasyn and Alaric both know this war can only end with them. But a greater threat is 
              An exquisite fantasy brimming with unforgettable characters, sizzling enemies-to-lover
               A                               NEW YORK TIMES,                               USA TOD
               This Barnes & Noble Exclusive Edition includes an altered colored cover with silver f
               In this lush, romantic new epic fantasy series from                               New
              The original heroes from                             The Lightning Thief              
              The first quest is to help Zeus's cup-bearer retrieve his goblet before it falls into 
              Readers new to Percy Jackson and fans who have been awaiting this reunion for more tha
               THE TRIO IS BACK                            in this first new Percy adventure since  
               MORE LAUGHS, DANGER, MONSTERS, AND GODS                            in a story told fr
               PERCY AND ANNABETH ARE SENIORS!                            Fans who grew up on the se
               TIMED TO COINCIDE WITH DISNEY+ SERIES                            based on            
               A                               NEW YORK TIMES, USA TODAY,                           